README.md, before:

# My Linux Environment Dotfiles

## Introduction
Welcome to my personal collection of configuration files, also known as "dotfiles." These files are used to customize and setup my Linux environment exactly the way I like it. From shell configurations to window manager settings, these dotfiles are central to creating a productive and personalized workspace.

## Contents
This repository includes configurations for:
- `.bashrc`: Custom bash shell settings to optimize command line usage.
- `.vimrc`: Enhancements and custom settings for Vim editor.
- `.gitconfig`: Global Git configurations to streamline version control operations.
- `/.config/hypr/`: Personalized settings for the Hyprland window manager to improve workflow and aesthetics.
- ...and various other configurations and scripts that make up my daily computing environment.

## Getting Started
To use these dotfiles:
1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Backup your current dotfiles!
3. Symlink or copy the files from this repository to the appropriate locations in your home directory or respective configuration directories.
4. Restart or log out and back in for the changes to take effect.

Please adapt and modify these files as you see fit to suit your own preferences.

## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**. If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement." Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

## License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

🔧 chore: update README structure and add pikaur search/info aliases

README.md, after:

# My Linux Environment Dotfiles

## Introduction
Welcome to my personal collection of configuration files, also known as "dotfiles." These files are used to customize and setup my Linux environment exactly the way I like it. From shell configurations to window manager settings, these dotfiles are central to creating a productive and personalized workspace.

## Contents
This repository includes configurations for:
- `shell/`: Custom Zsh shell settings (`.zshrc`) and aliases.
- `nvim/`: Enhancements and custom settings for Neovim.
- `kitty/`: Configuration for the Kitty terminal emulator.
- `tmux/`: Terminal multiplexer settings and status scripts.
- `hypr/`: Personalized settings for the Hyprland window manager to improve workflow and aesthetics.
- ...and various other configurations and scripts that make up my daily computing environment.

## Getting Started
To use these dotfiles:
1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Backup your current dotfiles!
3. Symlink or copy the files from this repository to the appropriate locations in your home directory or respective configuration directories.
4. Restart or log out and back in for the changes to take effect.

Please adapt and modify these files as you see fit to suit your own preferences.

## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**. If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement." Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

## License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
